when the Bochum players entered the Bielefelder Alm, they were still thinking
a leisurely afternoon football
because he is already the second division relegated Arminia Bielefeld
a team of nameless, so to speak, the talent shed of East Westphalia because
all outfield players are under 24 years old
last season's Cup finalist also quickly became the conditions
straighten out
the tenth minute
he barely loses the duel against goalkeeper
another ten minutes later, the BoE think before
easy falls
over again that's it but then already open, especially view
Bielefeld coach with the village with its 29 years even a whole
in the coach guild his team finally called for the tax
store
and Bielefeld became cheekier
Manfred Lunemann not in the offside
Lester Acres stand
and Frank Zimmermann with the possibility
scoreless after 45 minutes the 6000 spectators were satisfied
on
These are two of the three so far, some are running in the Centro with their fans
you were with your dad in the center to attract visitors
As they have their book combination game over again, unfortunately, again and again
In front of TV stations, director Ralf Westhoff is rather sad
and they could indeed get better
her office in the second half one of the most conspicuous wins the
Battle against Dressel and then meets Rekers man and ball
the due penalty kick was missing
Bochum completely indisposed in the second half
again a duel loss from Rekers
and then the little man a former club league player without before
team
Bochum's footballing skills only flashed once more to the 70th minute
Headset with one of his few successful actions Jup proximity faster
as all Bielefeld
but there was still there
Now a man moved forward because not dressed in uniform
Bielefeld's team as Dr. Neuendorf
in continuous use
Massage was needed
This is probably first and foremost understandable for the soul this year
because she still has to go into extra time
powered by the Bundesliga would be the audience
who almost made the sensation in the hundredth minute
but time to live
rescued meadow on the farm Lohmann after extension that now too
Ernst Middendorp was satisfied with this and finally led Inge
Bielefeld in the positive headlines
However, Utan Hagen must consider the only one class goalkeeper